Update README with Spack compilation options (#187)
ACCESS-NRI/ACCESS-OM3: README.md

Spack automatically builds all the components and their dependencies, producing model component executables. Spack already contains support for compiling thousands of common software packages. Spack packages for the components are defined in the [spack packages repository](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/spack_packages/).

> ACCESS-OM3 is built and deployed automatically to `gadi` on NCI (see below). However it is possible to use spack to compile the model using the `spack.yaml` environment file in this repository. There are two main ways to do this: i) use the pre-release github workflow ([instructions](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/build_a_model/create_a_prerelease/)) or ii) follow the [instructions on for configuring spack on `gadi`](https://access-hive.org.au/getting_started/spack/). Both options are possible, however the first option requires "collaborator" access to this repository (raise [an issue](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/ACCESS-OM3/issues/new) on this repository to gain access). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ACCESS-OM3 is built and deployed automatically to `gadi` on NCI (see below). To change model component versions or modify the model's source code, users use spack to compile the model using the `spack.yaml` environment file in this repository. There are two main ways to do this: i) use the pre-release github workflow ([instructions](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/build_a_model/create_a_prerelease/)) or ii) follow the [instructions on for configuring spack on `gadi`](https://access-hive.org.au/getting_started/spack/). The first option is simpler to understand, however requires "collaborator" access to this repository - (raise [an issue](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/ACCESS-OM3/issues/new) on this repository to gain access). 
```

Reviewer: Or alternatively, just :

ACCESS-OM3 is built and deployed automatically to `gadi` on NCI (see below). To customise a build, follow the instructions at the [config documentation](https://access-om3-configs.access-hive.org.au/infrastructure/Building/).

Author: I was stumbling on the wording here, how about:
> There are two main ways to do this

becomes
> There are two recommended ways to do this

I was trying to not exclude random options that are more painful (e.g. installing spack on your laptop etc).

The changes read well. :)

Author: Got caught up chatting to Helen, so didn't post it!

> Or alternatively, just :
> 
> ACCESS-OM3 is built and deployed automatically to `gadi` on NCI (see below). To customise a build, follow the instructions at the [config documentation](https://access-om3-configs.access-hive.org.au/infrastructure/Building/).

Yeah, I do like low maintenance options -- can we do that for the other sections? Your call...

Does the config doc talk about the PR release workflow? I think we really want to push that as a simple starting point.

> 
> to create a spack environment called `access-om3` and build all the components, the locations of which can be found using `spack find --paths`.
> 
> Further details of how to build and modify ACCESS-OM3 are found on the ACCESS-OM3 [configuration documentation](https://access-om3-configs.access-hive.org.au/infrastructure/Building/).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ACCESS-OM3 is built and deployed automatically to gadi on NCI (see below). To customise a build, follow the instructions in the [config documentation](https://access-om3-configs.access-hive.org.au/infrastructure/Building/).

```

> Further details of how to build and modify ACCESS-OM3 are found on the ACCESS-om3 configuration documentation [here](https://access-om3-configs.access-hive.org.au/infrastructure/Building/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further details of how to build and modify ACCESS-OM3 are found on the ACCESS-OM3 [configuration documentation](https://access-om3-configs.access-hive.org.au/infrastructure/Building/).
```
